README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="#readme"><img src="https://gh.kaos.st/redis-monitor-top.svg"/></a></p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top.svg"></a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top"><img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top"></a>
  <a href="https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-essentialkaos-redis-monitor-top-master"><img alt="codebeat badge" src="https://codebeat.co/badges/98c9f6ab-999c-498c-980f-44859b18aae7" /></a>
  <a href="https://essentialkaos.com/ekol"><img src="https://gh.kaos.st/ekol.svg"></a>
</p>

<p align="center"><a href="#usage-demo">Usage demo</a> • <a href="#installation">Installation</a> • <a href="#usage">Usage</a> • <a href="#build-status">Build Status</a> • <a href="#license">License</a></p>

<br/>

Tiny Redis client for aggregating stats from MONITOR flow.

### Usage demo

[![demo](https://gh.kaos.st/redis-monitor-top-100.gif)](#usage-demo)

### Installation

#### From source

Before the initial install allows git to use redirects for [pkg.re](https://github.com/essentialkaos/pkgre) service (_reason why you should do this described [here](https://github.com/essentialkaos/pkgre#git-support)_):

```
git config --global http.https://pkg.re.followRedirects true
```

To build the `redis-monitor-top` from scratch, make sure you have a working Go 1.10+ workspace (_[instructions](https://golang.org/doc/install)_), then:

```
go get github.com/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top
```

If you want to update `redis-monitor-top` to latest stable release, do:

```
go get -u github.com/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top
```

#### From ESSENTIAL KAOS Public repo for RHEL6/CentOS6

```bash
[sudo] yum install -y https://yum.kaos.st/kaos-repo-latest.el6.noarch.rpm
[sudo] yum install redis-monitor-top
```

#### From ESSENTIAL KAOS Public repo for RHEL7/CentOS7

```bash
[sudo] yum install -y https://yum.kaos.st/kaos-repo-latest.el7.noarch.rpm
[sudo] yum install redis-monitor-top
```

#### Prebuilt binaries

You can download prebuilt binaries for Linux from [EK Apps Repository](https://apps.kaos.st/redis-monitor-top/latest).

### Usage

```
Usage: redis-monitor-top {options} command

Options

  --host, -h ip/host         Server hostname (127.0.0.1 by default)
  --port, -p port            Server port (6379 by default)
  --password, -a password    Password to use when connecting to the server
  --timeout, -t 1-300        Connection timeout in seconds (3 by default)
  --interval, -i 1-3600      Interval in seconds (60 by default)
  --no-color, -nc            Disable colors in output
  --help                     Show this help message
  --version, -v              Show version

Examples

  redis-monitor-top -h 192.168.0.123 -p 6821 -t 15 MONITOR
  Start monitoring instance on 192.168.0.123:6821 with 15 second timeout

  redis-monitor-top -h 192.168.0.123 -p 6821 -i 30 MY_MONITOR
  Start monitoring instance on 192.168.0.123:6821 with 30 second interval and renamed MONITOR command

```

### Build Status

| Branch | Status |
|--------|--------|
| `master` | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top) |
| `develop` | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top) |

### License

[EKOL](https://essentialkaos.com/ekol)

<p align="center"><a href="https://essentialkaos.com"><img src="https://gh.kaos.st/ekgh.svg"/></a></p>

Commit message:

ek package updated to the latest stable version

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="#readme"><img src="https://gh.kaos.st/redis-monitor-top.svg"/></a></p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top.svg"></a>
  <a href="https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top"><img src="https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top"></a>
  <a href="https://codebeat.co/projects/github-com-essentialkaos-redis-monitor-top-master"><img alt="codebeat badge" src="https://codebeat.co/badges/98c9f6ab-999c-498c-980f-44859b18aae7" /></a>
  <a href="https://essentialkaos.com/ekol"><img src="https://gh.kaos.st/ekol.svg"></a>
</p>

<p align="center"><a href="#usage-demo">Usage demo</a> • <a href="#installation">Installation</a> • <a href="#usage">Usage</a> • <a href="#build-status">Build Status</a> • <a href="#license">License</a></p>

<br/>

Tiny Redis client for aggregating stats from MONITOR flow.

### Usage demo

[![demo](https://gh.kaos.st/redis-monitor-top-100.gif)](#usage-demo)

### Installation

#### From source

Before the initial install allows git to use redirects for [pkg.re](https://github.com/essentialkaos/pkgre) service (_reason why you should do this described [here](https://github.com/essentialkaos/pkgre#git-support)_):

```
git config --global http.https://pkg.re.followRedirects true
```

To build the `redis-monitor-top` from scratch, make sure you have a working Go 1.11+ workspace (_[instructions](https://golang.org/doc/install)_), then:

```
go get github.com/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top
```

If you want to update `redis-monitor-top` to latest stable release, do:

```
go get -u github.com/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top
```

#### From ESSENTIAL KAOS Public repo for RHEL6/CentOS6

```bash
[sudo] yum install -y https://yum.kaos.st/kaos-repo-latest.el6.noarch.rpm
[sudo] yum install redis-monitor-top
```

#### From ESSENTIAL KAOS Public repo for RHEL7/CentOS7

```bash
[sudo] yum install -y https://yum.kaos.st/kaos-repo-latest.el7.noarch.rpm
[sudo] yum install redis-monitor-top
```

#### Prebuilt binaries

You can download prebuilt binaries for Linux from [EK Apps Repository](https://apps.kaos.st/redis-monitor-top/latest).

To install the latest prebuilt version, do:

```bash
bash <(curl -fsSL https://apps.kaos.st/get) redis-monitor-top
```

### Usage

```
Usage: redis-monitor-top {options} command

Options

  --host, -h ip/host         Server hostname (127.0.0.1 by default)
  --port, -p port            Server port (6379 by default)
  --password, -a password    Password to use when connecting to the server
  --timeout, -t 1-300        Connection timeout in seconds (3 by default)
  --interval, -i 1-3600      Interval in seconds (60 by default)
  --no-color, -nc            Disable colors in output
  --help                     Show this help message
  --version, -v              Show version

Examples

  redis-monitor-top -h 192.168.0.123 -p 6821 -t 15 MONITOR
  Start monitoring instance on 192.168.0.123:6821 with 15 second timeout

  redis-monitor-top -h 192.168.0.123 -p 6821 -i 30 MY_MONITOR
  Start monitoring instance on 192.168.0.123:6821 with 30 second interval and renamed MONITOR command

```

### Build Status

| Branch | Status |
|--------|--------|
| `master` | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top) |
| `develop` | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/essentialkaos/redis-monitor-top) |

### License

[EKOL](https://essentialkaos.com/ekol)

<p align="center"><a href="https://essentialkaos.com"><img src="https://gh.kaos.st/ekgh.svg"/></a></p>
